# BlackJack_Game
In this project, you will implement a Blackjack game using object-oriented programming techniques.
Before we go into the implementation details, let's go over what Blackjack is. Blackjack is a card game typically played at casinos where each player competes against the dealer to get a score closest to 21, without going over 21. At the start of the game, each player and the dealer are given 2 cards. A person's set of cards is referred to as their hand. The player's own cards (their hand) are visible to themselves and only one of the dealer's cards is visible to everyone. After everyone receives their cards, the dealer asks each player whether they would like to hit (take another card) or stand (keep their current cards). Each player can hit (take a card) as many times as they would like to get their score as close to 21 as possible, without going over. Afterwards, the dealer reveals their card and decides to hit or stand. Lastly, the final scores are calculated and the winner is announced.
There are a few more rules to the game that will be described later but this should be enough to get started. 
This project consists of 5 major classes: Card, Deck, PlayerHand, Shuffle, and Blackjack. Additionally, DealerHand is a subclass of the PlayerHand and has special restrictions that set it apart from the PlayerHand.

As an overview of how the classes interact, Blackjack is the main class that ties everything together. In a game of Blackjack, we are given a standard deck of 52 cards. A game of Blackjack can have multiple rounds. For every round of Blackjack, the deck is shuffled and cards are passed to the dealer and player hands. 
